hello my friends welcome to my
colour-pop review okay so every time I
wanted to film this video I ended up not
filming it because colour-pop came up
with something new I was like well
people are gonna want to know what I
think of that too so I better buy some
of that and then they came out with
something new and it was like well
people are gonna want to know about that
so I better buy that it's like my only I
had to cut it off they just came out
with these sheer lippies and I was like
I gotta cut it off somewhere I gotta
film this video at some point so we're
gonna go ahead and cut it off I got some
a bunch of stuff I got a bunch of
eyeshadows I've got cheek products
including blushes bronzers and
highlighters and I've got some lippy 6
lippy pencils and the new liquid
lipsticks so we're gonna go ahead and go
over what I got and my thoughts on
everything none of this was sent to me
for review I purchased everything
outright with my own money I am not
affiliated with colour-pop in any way
this is just a regular person review I
have no discount codes none of that I'm
gonna go ahead and jump in right now and
we're gonna go ahead and start with the
eyeshadows now what I decided to do with
the eyeshadows as I decided to of course
now I've got a collision of products
over there what I decided to do was get
the two kits that most interested me and
this one is called Mondays in Malibu and
then this one is the kathleenlights for
quad and this is the where the lights is
where the light is these were the most
interesting to me so this is what I got
now this is going to be a bit
controversial because this is not a
glowing review I do have some negatives
to these shadows and if you disagree
with me that's perfectly fine I respect
you 100% I but I have to give my honest
review and this is what I have to do for
my own review is tell you some things
that I don't like about these eyeshadows
but let's go ahead and and just just
jump in now this this has six different
eyeshadows in it I will put the pricing
down below because I don't know the
pricing offhand but this the shades are
beautiful and I'm not going to go ahead
and swatch every single one of them I
don't know should I should I swatch all
of them have you've seen all of the
a million times I don't know this one is
called Sam's swoon we'll just watch them
this is called Sam swoon we'll talk
about the the texture of these at first
now they are very creamy and you do have
to make sure you put the tops on very
very well or else they will dry out I
can already feel like the top of this
was drawing out just a little bit as I
rub my finger in this I do feel it
getting moist again which makes me happy
this seems like this has like a little
bit of gold shimmer in it it's very
difficult to see on camera let me see if
I can get it to capture the light there
but it does have a little bit of gold
like gold flecks in there it looks matte
from from far away but then you can see
the gold let me swatch that for you here
there you go and this is a really really
nice base I really have been enjoying
this shade a lot it's a nice base where
other shades and because it does come
off matte with that little bit of
sparkle it kind of reminds me of the
what is it the the two-faced sugarpop
shadows where their masks but then they
have a little bit of glitter in the
background so they're not like sparkly
but they have that shimmer gives it a
nice dimension so this one is definitely
a win if you haven't heard of color pop
by any chance it is a very affordable
brand compared to a lot of high-end now
this one is called snakebite and this
one is a metallic shade there you go and
swatch that one for you and they are I
don't feel that people compare them
sometimes to the Maybelline Dream bouncy
blushes I don't really feel that bounce
in there they just feel a little bit
creamy and wet to me
so there's snake bite and this is also
another beautiful shade that I've really
been enjoying now this one I do have
some critiques on this one is not my
favorite this one is called prickly pear
and I know that this one is very very
popular with lots of people I don't like
the shade don't go baby
okay this one leaves so much fallout on
my cheeks when I first apply it of
course it looks beautiful but by the end
of the day it looks like a fairy
attacked me like I mean just glitter
just covering my under eyes and I don't
like that I'm
from the jump it is absolutely gorgeous
I'll swatch it for you it's beautiful
but it does have some chunky glitter in
there that falls all over my cheeks by
the end of the day so very pretty for
initial application but I don't I would
not repurchase this one even though I
know I know everybody loves this one I
have to give my opinion in my opinion
sometimes different than other people's
so there you go another one that I am
not as big of a fan of is this one here
this one is in gecko this one also left
some fallout on my chaise and I was not
I'm not I don't like that I mean it like
like I'm saying it's not upon initial
application it's through the day it's by
the time I take my makeup off by the end
of the day it's all over my face so that
doesn't bother you you may really enjoy
these but this is this is beautiful it's
got a beautiful iridescent to it it's
like a silver with some pink iridescent
in there and it's gorgeous shade they
apply beautifully they blend very nicely
with a brush they blend very nicely with
other shadows and this one also I
believe gave me some fallout yes it did
this is Mirage this is another metallic
okay and this one kind of has a green
like a hunter green tint to it so that
one's very very pretty and then finally
Hot Tamale
Hot Tamale and this one is beautiful on
the outer corner blend it up into the
crease just gorgeous
okay so I would personally not recommend
to this kit just because of the glitter
that ends up on my cheeks but if that
doesn't bother you girlfriend and you
love these shades go for it man get it
yeah what it bothers me I don't like it
if I could go back I would not have
purchased this dare I say dare I say
anything negative about colors Oh
unsubscribe unsubscribe alright moving
on to the kathleenlights quad you guys
are gonna hate me by the end of this
video but I am NOT going to lie to you
I'm not going to just I don't give in to
peer pressure
I I don't okay the kathleenlights quorum
call
with foreshadows this one is in
Cornelius and this is a beautiful matte
brown it's a warm matte Brown we get a
tissue here because my fingers are
getting to be a hot mess okay where's my
tissues all right so let's swatch these
I'm gonna swatch these inside my arm
just to give you a different place to
look so we don't get these quads are
these shadows confused alright so this
one they own beautiful applies
beautifully nice and creamy nice and
easy to work with and I do give
colour-pop a lot of credit for coming up
with this formula as far as it being
very very different just very enjoyable
to play with this one Blaz fall out city
I'm not kidding I'm not I can't help it
alright moving on from that you guys
understand but this one leaves glitter
all over my face gorgeous initial
application got that nice shine to it
nice metallic shine it's definitely got
gold glitters on there they start off on
your lid they end up on your cheeks and
on this one I've used the most I would
say I've used this one the most out of
all of the shadows I've gotten from them
this one is called glow and this is just
a creamy base nice base for eyeshadows I
don't even know if that shows up on my
skintone but I like it because it mutes
out the discoloration in Mille it'd have
a nice base to start from and then the
last one in this quad is the Kathleen
light shade and I love this one as well
this one does not give me fallout on a
much shakes beautiful absolutely
beautiful this is probably one of my
favorite bronze eyeshadows of all time
just perfect
oops that was the wrong side BAM let me
put on the other side because I just did
that wrong okay there we go
hmm can you even see that okay late wait
wait wait baby I can do better I can do
better where I'm gonna get my beauty
guru card revolt what
happening here go wait where am I
supposed to be swatching this thing yeah
wait what I'm gonna have a big striper
Brown I don't even know what's happening
here well there we go so that's
kathleenlights and girlfriends
if Kathleen had to name her a shadow
after herself this was a good choice
because this shadow is perfect perfect
love this now as far as the
kathleenlights quad I would recommend
this one because three out of the four
shadows are hits for me and the only one
that is a Miss for me is blaze because
of the glitter face I also have one more
eyeshadow that I forgot about it I got
this in a single just when I was getting
some other things this is called in a
pickle and I'm just gonna go ahead and
swatch that for you real quick
and it's just a matte pink and this is a
really nice base for other shadows it's
a nice all-over lid color for me and I
really enjoyed a lot staying powers
fantastic no weird funky things
happening with it it doesn't go on
patchy just a beautiful beautiful shade
it does take a little bit of time to
build it up so you can do a more sheer
look or you can kind of Pat it over a
couple of passes and you'll get a nice
okay alright let's go ahead and put
these away and we'll move on to the
blushes bronzers and highlights that is
so I have two of each because I wanted
to try out different formulas so that I
could give a good review
look these are not coming off this is
just a dry tissue come on stay in power
girlfriend stay in power these
eyeshadows do last a really long time
really really long time
okay what we'll do is we'll use the
other arm and we will start with the
blushes I have two this one is in a
birthday suit and this one is in holiday
I someone told me that the blushes was
that the blushes no that was the
highlighters we're a little bit of a
different formula but I don't really see
that they feel very very similar maybe
no no they feel they feel clay ish
almost they feel like clay this one in
birthday suit you can see how much I
have dug into that one that is because
this one does not show up very well on
my skin tone so I would highly recommend
this one for very very light skin
tones I would definitely not recommend
that for anyone that is deeper than me
because it barely shows up on me unless
you like a very light hint of color on
your cheeks you're going to work you
don't want to look like you got a lot of
blush on then this will be perfect for
you but again I don't even know if it's
gonna show up on medium to deep skin
tones I have no idea this one I like
it's just you've got to work at it to
get some pigmentation and then the other
one this one on the other hand is great
girlfriend it is bright this one is in
holiday Oh No look what just happened
has that happened to anybody else that
just happens what that totally just
happened my family's being loud outside
the door please excuse them I am NOT
going to silence my family for her
filming it isn't going to happen
this kind of matches my lips a little
bit alright let's go ahead and swatch
that for you damn beautiful beautiful
beautiful okay so what the way I apply
these is I typically kind of stripe them
onto my face and then I blend them out
that's what I do I use them like a cream
blush I just blend them with my fingers
I've also used them with a stippling
brush
I've tried applying them with a regular
blush brush and I don't like it like
that I either like blending them out
with my fingers or with a stippling
brush so I'm just gonna go ahead and
blend these out just so you can see what
they may look like on the cheeks so just
blend it out a bit they're really
beautiful and they're lasting power is
very very good so for the price I would
definitely recommend the blushes all
right moving on
I cannot believe that I cannot believe
my blush came out hmm
good to know though in case I want to
depart them very good to know okay let's
move on to the highlighters I got the
ones in wisp and lunch money and these
are dupes for hire and shadows and I can
tell you that what I did was I wore them
the high-end version on one side and the
the colour-pop one on the other side to
see staying power and things like that
exactly the same to be completely honest
with you as far
lasting power now this one is lunch
money this one is a dupe for the bones
mary-lou manizer
and i will prove that to you in just a
moment okay so here is lunch money I'll
do lunch money on the left it is so wet
and creamy this one is where did it go
where'd you go this one is in whisp and
this one is a dupe for Becca's opal
which is another very famous one leave a
space and go boom there you go gorgeous
highlights gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous I
have no complaints about these I like
these highlights are phenomenal if I
could say that there was one thing that
I would recommend 100% from colour-pop
it would be the highlighters they are
phenom okay moving on let me show you
the do penis
Marilu where are you it's like scooby
dooby doo where are you it's like Mary
Mary Lou where are you hunt successful I
found my Mary Lou and I found my opal
yours my opal I just have a little mini
opal so we'll start with Mary there you
are baby this was my holy grail
highlighter has been forever and here is
Mary Lou Mary Lou is gonna be on the
right BAM mm check that out Bam Bam Bam
looking at them it looks like Mary Lou
is very slightly peachy err but you're
never gonna be able to tell that on the
cheeks never ever ever okay let's move
on to Becca's opal and actually I found
out about this in the what's up and
makeup chat someone told me about this
when I showed them my colour-pop haul
when I first got these I forget who it
was comment down below if it was you BAM
there's Becca's opal I mean you can just
tell the finish is like exactly the same
like what this one small that one was a
powder so I was a little chunky when we
blend that in bed but the shine is the
same
oh my gosh oh my gosh girlfriend
seriously definitely if you were looking
at Becca's opal or if you've been
wanting to try Mary Lou forever try the
colour-pop ones highly recommends the
bronze first I got our skinny dip and
carry on this reminded cameo my way
mm-hmm and I'm just I don't know why I'm
singing today I'm in a good mood
alright let's start with skinny dip now
this one is a little bit less own fee
you know what I'm saying there isn't a
whole lot of oomph to it but that makes
it very very nice to use for daily looks
so here is a skinny dip
very nice very matte this is a neutral
shade so this is a really nice one for a
very light contouring if you have a very
light skin tone this would be a nice
bronzer for someone with a medium like
to medium to medium skin tone and then
this one here is a bit darker carry on
here is carry on again matte bronzer
this one is a bit warmer this one is
more of a bronzer rather than a contest
one is very nice I mean I really love
the staying power on the bronzers again
I usually blend them with my fingertips
I have used a stippling brush but I
prefer my fingertips I feel like it's
easier to manipulate with my fingertips
but highly recommending the bronzers as
well their phone alright moving on to
the lip products we'll start with the
lippie stix and the lippy pencils now
one thing that I will tell you is that
with the lippy pencils I feel like you
don't need to own both the lippy pencils
can also be like matte lipsticks let me
show you what I mean I got this one in
wisp wisp no Westie Westie and this one
is in freedom Westy i'm just gonna go
over to the eyeshadow side Westy looks
like that and you can see that it is not
and then here is freedom okay there you
go and I have used these all over my
lips and then topped them with a lip
balm and really enjoyed that look so I
personally don't feel like you need both
the lippie pencil and the lippy stick I
feel like an idiot sing lippy do I sound
like an idiot saying lippy I feel like
an idiot but but yeah so I I don't see
the purpose of both so I actually am
very happy that I didn't double up I
didn't do both a lipstick and a lip
pencil in the same shade and I'm really
happy I made that choice let's go ahead
and show you these I got Lumiere which
is the kathleenlights one this is a
matte shade I got a bound which is a
glossy and then I got button which is a
satin I got the three different finishes
because I wanted to see what the
difference was and there was any
difference in where time things like
that and I have thoroughly tested these
and can give you an opinion now this one
is a Lumiere and I've heard lots of
mixed things about Lumiere and what the
deal is with it I do feel like in person
it pulls a little more purple then it
seems in the swash so just so you know
that's what's going on with that now
this one here this is button this one is
the one I have worn the most this is a
very amico and there is button I
absolutely love button this one o whole
whole and then this one I've worn also a
lot this is called bound there you go I
love bound for filming I love that one a
lot so this one is the glossy finish
this one is the satin finish and this
one is the matte finish now the matte
does have a tiny bit of a shine to it I
wouldn't say that it is a true matte but
it is very close to a true matte I do
enjoy the formula I don't feel like any
of them are drying on the lips even the
matte one I don't feel like is drying
and I've really enjoyed using these I
feel like the staying power on these are
phenomenal absolutely phenomenal one
thing I do as I always make sure I keep
a lip balm in my pocket because these
tend to wear where you get like your
let's start turning white and then
you've got this color like at least for
me with my skin tone obviously but I
feel like it kind of wears around the
inside of my mouth and wears kind of
weird but if I put a lip balm over top
then it wears a lot more evenly if that
makes sense so everyone smile I just
throw a lip balm on and it feeds the
color just absolutely beautifully I've
found that with the liquid lipsticks as
well but loving the formula the smell
because that's important to a lot of
people is very vanilla II I don't smell
any kind of weird lipstick II kind of
smell it's just got like a desert even
Ella frosting kind of scent it's not
super strong when I put it on my lips I
don't smell it like under you know your
Ned's the colors right here so I don't
really smell it as I'm wearing it which
is really nice for people that are
sensitive to smells but definitely
recommend these I'm really enjoying
these lip products I'm not a huge lip
product person I'm more like a cheek and
eye kind of person so that's probably
the only reason why I am more enthused
about the cheek products than these is
just cuz of a personal obsession with
with uh cheek and eye products but
definitely really really like these now
the last thing I have for you are the
lip gloss not love glosses the liquid
lipsticks I got four of them I am
wearing ouija on my lips right now of
course I mean you see look at this look
at this color range I mean this is this
is me okay these are the sheets that I
always choose all of my lip products are
these shades like this is me this is out
of my comfort zone but I braved it
because you guys give me confidence I've
so many people that have watched my
videos have given me confidence wear
bright shades so it's because of you
that I got in this one overall I really
really like this formula I do feel like
it is a tad bit drying but what I do
again I just put a lip balm over top and
it's like this has a lip balm over top
can you tell can you tell
no you can't tell it still looks matte
and and it feels much better with that
lip balm over top so if you're willing
to do that I really love these I have
been trying you know liquid lipsticks
like crazy really trying them
and honestly like I like these just as
much as the Sela ones I like them better
than the Anastacio ones that I got I
like them just as much as my Jake at
beauty ones which are now found at some
old says like they're not at my oats and
that yet but they're at some oldest
those that's another drugstore pricing
brands but these really are very
nice-looking lipsticks again just a tad
bit drying I don't know if I'm gonna
brave some lip swatches but if I do
brave lips lip swatches you're gonna see
those right now all right my lips are
not in the best condition they're a
little bit dry a little bit raw but that
just shows that's just gonna show you
how awesome these lip products are and
how they affect my freaky looking lips
Oh
so that is my review of colour-pop
overall again you know just as kind of a
summary the negative downsides are some
of the shimmery shades will leave some
sparkle on my personal cheeks over the
day I feel like it's like being hit with
fairy dust I do not enjoy these sparkly
eyeshadows at all the ones that have a
lot of glitter on this one I feel like
is the worst offender prickly pear even
though I know a lot of people love that
one also the other one that I feel like
is a pretty big offender in that area is
this one here what's that one called
this one is called blaze from the
kathleenlights quad those that those
that's really my only negative as far as
the eye shadow it's easy to blend very
easy to work with staying power is
fantastic definitely worth the price as
far as the highlights blushes and
bronzers really wonderful formula very
long wearing the birthday suit one is a
little bit light if you really like a
very light blush that one's gonna be for
you if you like pigmentation that one
will not be for you
highlighters bronzers they're amazing
they're absolutely amazing as far as the
lip products the lip pencils I don't
feel like you need both the lip pencil
and the lip liner I would say choose one
or the other if you want the glossy
finish you can always throw a clear
gloss over top I just don't think it's
necessary of course you can and I mean
I'm not telling you what to do if you
want to get both get both I just
personally don't feel like it's
necessary great formulas great lasting
power liquid lipsticks are fantastic
again I like them better than my
Anastacio ones one of those 20 bucks
each
I definitely like them better than that
and really just fantastic lip products
as well so overall I hate to say it like
I hate to join the colour-pop bandwagon
but they really do produce very good
products overall so that is my honest
review of color pop if you enjoyed it
please give this video a thumbs up and
make sure you subscribe if you're not
already subscribed so that you don't
miss my future videos including what's
up in makeup every Sunday more
at 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time where you can
see all the latest releases all over the
US for makeup and sometimes skincare
things like that and I thank you so much
for watching Mad Love and I'll see you
soon